Huacheng City
Jinzhou Lujia
Lu Ran please enlighten
After several rounds of competition
The final competition is
Zhu Dequan of the Zhu family and Lu Ran of the Lu family
Please take a break
For the final competition
to the ground
Well, you're finally back.
Uncle, what are you doing?
From now on, what about your marriage tonight?
Uncle won't stop me anymore, Dad
What do you mean, hahaha?
Come and sit, haha.
Suddenly?
Did you see that you had fought Zhan Hu just now?
Then he is definitely not your opponent.
Then I'll add this.
Uncle Shu
I see what you mean.
Do you mean I put water in the next game?
Hey, how can you talk like that?
What is releasing water?
Is that what you call beauty?
Haha, besides, you and
Net version relationship, but we are family?